so we're a research facility with the
faculty of science out of st. John's
Memorial University we work with the
other tourist operators on the
waterfront hairless kayak operator to
the right of the station and we get
insured me Andrew long we have some
viewfinders that we can put down that
people can look at the creatures Bombay
is a great place for boating kayaking
and diving because it's always calm
there's always somewhere you can go in
Bombay to get out of the wind what's
going to see some fish so this is where
we're able to hold creatures you the
noise you hear is sea water being pumped
in on a continuous basis so it's about
three or four degrees Celsius and it's
not going to get any warm every three or
four degrees Celsius because a lot of
the creatures we want to hold in a
temperature they would normally be
living in
ocean count okay or an eel pout again
designed for living on the bottom has
these large fleshy lips a bit like Mick
Jagger we say this is a sea Raven how
there we go that was cool okay do have
sharp teeth limit this is the ambush
predator okay so he was waiting for
something to move by I car design my
hand and he went to take a little bite
out of it oh yeah just a little bit
these are sea mice if you turn it over
it is in fact a very large work this is
the Atlantic or the striped wolfish the
quite territorial if you put them
together one will do battle with the
other one so we're trying to avoid that
powerful head and jaws to crush hard
bodied creatures sea urchins small crabs
small lobsters if you can do that to a
sea urchin then if I'm taking you out of
my lobster pot you can do that to me
we're not quite sure what's happened
with Pierre that he has this strange
pigmentation it's almost like one side
has been boiled and the other side the
pigmentation is fine the dark brown
color is normal pigmentation this
lobster is a she p lobster this Lobster
has both male and female external
reproductive structures we just call
them she/he we haven't come up with a
clever name yet so we're looking for
good names come and see what lives in
our waters